Long Shuai is that I don't know Mount Tai
Yupei Dyson
Count you kid
Long Shuai has the greatest influence in Heijiang City
You can ask me for help with anything.
You kid is also a big career
There should be a lot of projects at hand, right?
Lou Shuai wants to cooperate with me, no
Not me.
What? Okay? Okay?
What's up?
Optimus Leopard gave us 500 million project?
The condition is to make the tall and weak man the largest shareholder
He is the chairperson
I don't agree with that.
He is also worthy of an orphan
The conditions set by the punishment
We can't refuse
That's true.
Could it be that he is Ruolan at a glance?
That's nice.
Optimus Panther is the underground boss of Hei Jiang
He thinks it's good for us if it's difficult.
Even the richest man, Linjiang, didn't dare to provoke him.
If this Xingtian Leopard is our backer
Then who is this Hei Jiang who dares to oppose us?
If you want to drive me away, you can
I need to be compensated according to the labor law.
Come on, how could we chase you away?
My mom still wants you to be the chairperson
Really?
As long as you have a meal with Xing Tianbao
Xing Tianbao has nothing to do with him
Oh, it's your blessing that people like you.
I have a video of your mother
I'm already married.
I see your whole body can be useless
Are you going to abort me right away?
Then go to the health bureau for divorce